Well, in this module we really learned a lot about routing,
we really took a deep dive into the vuejs router.
We learned so much about setting up routes, navigating, passing parameters, reacting to parameter changes,
passing query parameters, scrolling, loading components, lazy loading, protecting guards with guards, protecting
routes with guards and so much more.
I think you're well-prepared to now use this router in your application and build a real big single
page application with it.
Actually, we will soon build a bigger single page application in this course right after the next module
and I can only encourage you as always to play around with that and practice it,
set your own challenges, create your own little test applications and navigate around like crazy to really
understand how this all works and which features it has and how you may use them.
See you in the next module.